1.Imports and Setup;  
Imports required libraries;
subprocess for running system commands, re for regex,
matplotlib.pyplot for plotting, sqlite3 for database operations, tkinter for the GUI, and math for calculations.

2.Initializes an SQLite database with a table signals to store each scan result's
 SSID, signal strength (in % and dB), quality, and timestamp.

3.Insert Wi-Fi Data into Database;
Inserts Wi-Fi signal data into the database after each scan.

4.Retrieve Historical Data;
Fetches historical Wi-Fi data from the database, allowing the user to view past connection details.

5.Get Connected Wi-Fi Network Information;
Uses the netsh command (Windows-only) to get details of the currently connected Wi-Fi network,
including SSID and signal strength percentage. Calculates the signal strength in dB and stores all values in a dictionary.
 
 SSID :(Service Set Identifier)
 wlan :wireless local area network

 assume that quality of the signal proportional to the stength of the signal in %.

6. Converts the signal strength percentage to decibels (dB) using a logarithmic formula.
i.e 
   -> o calculate the signal strength in decibels (dB) from the percentage of signal strength retrieved from the netsh command, we can use the following formula:

SignalÂ StrengthÂ (dB)=10â‹…log base10(ð‘ƒ/ð‘ƒ0)

Where:
P is the signal strength in mW.
P0 is the reference power level, usually taken as 1Â mW
1Â mW.
Since the signal strength we get is in percentage (0-100%), we can convert this percentage into mW .

7.Displays a bar graph using matplotlib for signal strength (in % and dB) and quality.
 Each time the scan runs, it inserts data into the database.

8.Update Connected Network;
Fetches and displays the latest connected network data in the GUI and triggers the plotting function.

9.Display Connected Network in GUI;
Updates the listbox with SSID, signal strength, quality, and signal strength
 in dB if a connected network is detected.

 10.View Historical Data;
 Displays historical Wi-Fi data stored in the database 
 within the GUI's listbox, allowing you to track previous scans while continous running only.
 note: it delete's previous data once close the program or shutdown the program.

 11. Setting Up Tkinter GUI
 eg;root = Tk()
............
root.mainloop()
   nitializes the main GUI window, with buttons to view the current connected network
   or historical data, and a listbox to display the details.

This program effectively combines Wi-Fi scanning, data storage, and display functionalities, providing both 
-> real-time analysis 
-> historical tracking of Wi-Fi signal performance in an interactive interface.